Fix/metrics report typos (#154)
reviewpad/docs: docs/guides/reports/index.mdx

This report provides insights into the pull requests life cycle from the moment coding begins up to the time the pull request is merged.

This report contains the following metrics:

> - **Coding time**: the amount of time between the first commit and the pull request creation.
> - **Pickup time**: the amount of time between the pull request creation and the first review start.
> - **Review time**: the amount of time between the first review start and the pull request merge.

Reviewer: With the help of chatGPT
```suggestion
- **Coding time**: the time elapsed between the first commit and the creation of the pull request.
- **Pickup time**: the time elapsed between the creation of the pull request and the submission of the first review.
- **Review time**: the time elapsed between the submission of the first review and the merge of the pull request.
```

WDYT?

Author: Sounds very good. Did you accept the changes before merging?
